How do credit card companies with endless discounts make money from us?
And how can we make
money back from credit cards?
Remember that the Shifu teaching series
will have a new look
and you will see more new faces of colleagues behind the scenes. We
strive to continue to present the knowledge of financial management and investment to everyone in a more down-to-earth way.
I hope everyone will support us.
YouTube's algorithm is getting harder and harder to play.
Friends who like our content,
remember to subscribe and press the bell to get a sneak peek.
Like and share with friends, so you
won't miss the opportunity to learn about financial management and investment easily.
A convenient credit card
is a nightmare for many people. Four
out of ten Americans
have a lot of credit card debt,
and one in
ten of them will never be able to pay it off in their lifetime. In
Hong Kong, 60% of people
have at least three credit cards. In the
fourth quarter of 2023,